---
title: 30000
category: travel
date: 2014-10-13
draft: true
---

30000 people per square kilometre – Mumbai’s population density. To put that number in perspective Australia’s population density is 2 people per square kilometre. Known under british colonial control as Bombay, Mumbai is India’s largest city.

Arriving in Mumbai airport was an experience in itself. Firstly, the importation of Indian Rupees is forbidden (apparently) but I managed to ‘smuggle’ in $100AUD worth with no questions asked. Imigration was a little more lengthy than usual with the officer going between my passport and visa. Its like he thought they were fake or something.

Exiting the aiport into sauna like humidity I found the driver who was to take me to Pune – a mere 165km. A that time, little did I know that 165km would take ~5 hours. The mixture of Mumbai traffic, my (slightly) crazy driver and the general bad state of indian roads meant the drive was, to say the least, and expierence. To give you an idea of how bad the traffic is: getting from the aiport to the highway to Pune (a mere 30kms) took us 2+ hours, most of which was spent sitting stationary in traffic. A little later on the driver need to stop for a break but parked illegally – Rs. 300 fine – which for a man on a Rs. 6000 a month salary is quite substaintial. Last but not least was the drive on the highway. 130km/h speeds on a 80km/h road combined with trucks with no lights, roadworks popping out of nowhere and general disregard for lanes meant I was happy to arrive safe and sound in Pune 5hrs later. tl;dr Italian driving on third world roads. Cost Rs.4200

Arriving in Pune and finding Richard was welcome relief from the crazyiness I had just experienced. Time for sleep on the hardest bed known to man ready for a day exploring Pune tomorrow.

Started the morning with a walk to the bus stop to finalised the tickets for the evening. Scored a pair of sunglasses for the grand total of Rs. 180 – about $3 AUD. Richard bought a pair of Rey&Bey (ripoff of RayBan).

Possibly my biggest accomplishment of the morning was managing to navigate Pune’s traffic on foot and not to get run over. The traffic is as was expected: crazy. Also of note is the cows living in the middle of the road. As they are sacred moving them is frowned upon so they just roam the streets.

In an attempt to avoid developing a friendship with the toilet we had Italian for lunch. Gorgonzola pizza, ghnoci and drinks set us back about Rs.600 (€7 – $10). After lunch it was back to the apartment for a break. Due to the humidity in India, Richard’s suit had started to go so next on the list of things to do was find a dry cleaner. We found one: in a carpark, on a table – that was it. Richard left his suit there and then we went and found something for afternoon tea. German Bakery – Rs. 236 Brownie, Cake and Biscotti

Bus to Goa Rs.850

Goa Accomodation 4 ½ star The Sofala
